# Hi! My name is Carson Andrijanoff
## I'm a Mechanical Engineering Student at The University of North Carolina Charlotte and this website is a repository for all of my interesting creative endeavors.


### **Solidworks Projects**
+ Junior Design - Pick and Place Robot <br/>
    *Extensive Solidworks project to design physical components for an automated pick and place robot for my Spring 2021 Junior Design course.*
    *Full Model, component, and exploded views below.*
+ Cherry Style Keyswitch Model <br/>
    *Recently experienced a hard drive loss - an image of a Linear Cherry MX style keyswitch assembly is below. Currently trying to recover these models however this is      unlikely. Used Engineering Drawings from Cherry and Gateron to make a Solidworks assembly - all parts started from dimesnional values and generated by me.*
+ FSAE Student Suspension Development <br/>
    *Developed a simplified model of an Ohlins TX25 MKII FSAE Damper, that prioritized the maximum outer dimensions of the design, to allow my team to utilize a one piece solid model - reducing computing demand for full vehicle assemblies and suspension specific assemblies on low power student laptops.*

### **KiCAD Project**
+ PCB Design for Custom 40% Mechanical Keyboard <br/>
   *I am an avid Mechanical Keyboard enthusiast, as they exist at an interesting intersection between computers, mechanical, and electrical engineering. I decided that what I wanted in a compact keyboard layout wasn't quite available for sale, so I decided after seeing other community members make stunning keyboards - to take on designing my own. Using KiCAD and a mechanical keyboard pcb design guide - specifically this one made by Github User Ruiqimao https://github.com/ruiqimao/keyboard-pcb-guide - I learned how to use KiCAD at a proficient enough level to design my own PCB, baseplate, and switch plate for a mechanical keyboard. This board is a simple thru-hole soldering kit, requiring no PCB mounted electronics. All components are soldered to the board by the end user - a collection of 46 switches and diodes, along with an Arduino ProMicro, and you've got a working 40% compact keyboard - which I am using to make this website.* <br/>
*Alongside KiCAD, I also learned how to make my own QMK based firmware for the board via a tutorial - https://beta.docs.qmk.fm/tutorial/newbs_building_firmware - and sucessfully verified the code's functionality. This firmware is now included in the QMK database such that anyone with one of my keyboard kits and an internet connection can assemble and flash the firmware to this board. I anticipate redesigning and updating the PCB design and keymap so that I can confidently offer an Interest Check to the community, and hopefully with enough interest arrange manufacturers and a Group Buy to sell my design!* <br/>
